chore: update readme with proc fork warning (#42)
amplitude/experiment-ruby-server: README.md

# Experiment Ruby SDK
Amplitude Ruby Server SDK for Experiment.

> > ⚠️ **Local evaluation process fork safety:** When using a `LocalEvaluationClient` and forking the process, you must call `#start` to continue to update the flag configuration state on the new process.

Reviewer: More details based on what worked for us:

```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Local evaluation process fork safety:** When using a `LocalEvaluationClient` and forking the process, you must call `#start` _after forking_ to update the flag configuration state on the new process. For example, in Puma, this means calling `#start` in the [`on_worker_boot` hook](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/puma/Puma%2FDSL:on_worker_boot). 
```
